I am VBot, your personal assistant. I can answer questions based on general knowledge.

Answer questions based on the passage given below.
The final data file looks as below.

SoftOne Technologies S.A. is a dynamic software company founded in 2002, focusing on the development of ERP, CRM, Cloud Services, enterprise mobility applications and electronic invoicing solutions. Headquartered in Athens, Greece, SoftOne delivers both on-premise and Software as a Service (SaaS) business solutions to midsize and large organizations, having earned numerous awards for market leadership and innovation.

SoftOnes’ key personnel includes professionals with long experience in the development of top quality business software and cloud services. Today, SoftOne has more than 300 full-time employees in Greece (HQ), Romania, Cyprus and Bulgaria (subsidiaries).

Soft1 solutions are powerful, integrated and simple. They unify business processes across the enterprise, using a single, integrated platform. Soft1 applications and solutions are used by more than 28.000 enterprises in several international markets and they are supported through a wide (+600) Channel Partners Network.

In 2007, SoftOne was the first Greek software vendor to offer its ERP as a cloud service and today, it is the undisputed leader in the Greek Cloud ERP market with 8.500+ cloud installations.

In 2016, SoftOne Technologies became part of Olympia Group, one of the most dominant group of companies in the Greek market, with more than 4.000 employees in Greece and internationally.

From 2019 to 2022, SoftOne completed a series of strategic investment moves that included the acquisition of Unisoft, Prosvasis, Regate, IMPACT and cosmoONE. This development has placed SoftOne at the leading position of the business software market in Greece as a powerful group of companies.

SOFTONE Group
SOFTONE Group is one of the largest technology ecosystems in Greece and SE Europe, that includes six leading brands (SoftOne, UNISOFT, PROSVASIS, Regate, IMPACT and cosmoONE), currently employing more than 450 technology and business professionals.

The companies of the Group focus on the development of business and accounting software solutions, innovative cloud services, enterprise mobility applications and electronic invoicing and procurement solutions, having earned numerous awards and distinctions for their innovation and contribution in supporting the digital transformation process of companies.

The Group’s applications and solutions are used by more than 75,000 enterprises in Greece and several international markets (Cyprus, Romania, Bulgaria), and they are supported through a wide (+600) Channel Partners Network. Following its ongoing strategic commitment to innovation, powered by cutting-edge cloud technologies, SOFTONE GROUP is today the undisputed leader in the Greek Cloud-based solutions market and a decisive player in SE Europe with more than 50,000 Cloud (SaaS) installations. Additionally, SOFTONE Group is the largest e-invoicing, supply chain and B2B solutions provider in Greece. The high adoption of the Group’s product and services portfolio has formed the largest ecosystem of B2B solutions in the Greek market, interconnecting more than 350,000 companies.

Leading the advances in digital transformation, SOFTONE Group's priority and commitment is the ongoing investment in cutting-edge solutions that yield businesses high added value at low cost, making digital transformation affordable and feasible for any enterprise.

Soft1 Technology

Innovative technologies that create business results!
 

Soft1 software features a series of substantial benefits that pertain to its structural architecture, technologies and its functionality.

It is one of the most innovative business software solutions, as it was designed with advanced technical specifications, exploiting cutting-edge technology.

The technologies included in Soft1 ERP allow for extremely high processing speeds in different data bases, while demanding less bandwidth.

This flexibility is what makes Soft1 the ideal solution not only for smaller companies with simple needs, but also for large businesses with more complex requirements. It is ideal for groups of companies, as well as for smaller commercial enterprises, production units, franchise companies, store chains, sales providers etc. offering benefits such as:

The exploitation of advanced development tools, methodologies and innovative technologies.
The development of applications based on international standards that enforce quality norms, not just on the initial design of the applications, but throughout their entire development cycle.
The use of a common execution platform -SoftOne Business Explorer (Player)- which homogenizes the development, standardization, installation, maintenance and use of the applications.
The exploitation of SoftOne Business Explorer, in order to significantly reduce the time of function adaptation to any new or special demands.
The capability to apportion processing power and/or the data base to more than one server, for the more efficient operation of the system.

Soft1 Cloud ERP
Cloud ERP, your way

img-erp-1
Soft1 Cloud ERP Series 6 is a comprehensive solution that simplifies every part of your operations, taking complexity out of your business. Offering rich and powerful functionality, Soft1 Cloud ERP Series 6 can be configured to meet your way of doing business with minimal IT investment and resources. Featuring modules that support all critical business areas of your organization, it helps you control with ease your financials, reduce your operating costs and simplify supply chain, production, and operations.

Operating on the state-of-the-art data centers of Microsoft Windows Azure platform, Soft1 Cloud ERP Series 6 is backed by Microsoft investments in high-end infrastructure and unparalleled security.

SoftOne’s ERP system is designed to allow users easily utilize its in-depth functionality. Accelerate and support all your core business processes -right from the start- with an easy-to-use, intuitive, role-based interface. Being fully configurable and extensible, Soft1 ERP Series 6 completely adjusts to your business needs, ensuring instant response to new market challenges.

Anywhere, any device
SoftOne’s cloud-based ERP is a next generation ERP solution that keeps your people at the center, delivering a personalized user experience with secure and reliable web & mobile applications. It frees your executives to work from anywhere, achieve more and better serve your customers.

Soft1 Cloud CRM
Connect with your customers from anywhere

iStock_000045279826_Large (1)
Soft1 Cloud CRM Series 6 is an all-in-one, software as a service solution that assists your business people establish closer connections with your customers, provide professional customer service, sell more and grow your business further. Soft1 CRM Series 6 provides your business with the edge to gain visibility into the most accurate customer information and better understand your client’s behavior. Featuring real-time functionality, Soft1 CRM Series 6 enables your people to connect and strengthen existing relationships as well as create new sales opportunities from anywhere, using any mobile device.

Operating on the Microsoft Windows Azure platform, Soft1 CRM Series 6 helps your business reduce its operational costs while your sales people sell more, your managers know more and your customers enjoy amazing services.

Empower your sales team
Bring your customers' information in one place and execute every part of the customer experience, from marketing, sales, support and service. Enable your executives to easily leverage data for resolving support issues and efficiently manage orders, payments, leads and sales opportunities. Stay always ahead of your competition and offer an even greater customer experience through your mobile workforce.

